Newsletter: add 362 (2025-07-11) (#2410)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2025-07-11-newsletter.md

---
title: 'Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #362'
permalink: /en/newsletters/2025/07/11/
name: 2025-07-11-newsletter
slug: 2025-07-11-newsletter
type: newsletter
layout: newsletter
lang: en
---
This week's newsletter FIXME

## News

- **Compressed descriptors:** Josh Doman [posted][dorman descom] to
  Delving Bitcoin to announce a [library][descriptor-codec] he's written
  that encodes [output script descriptors][topic descriptors] into a
  binary format that reduces their size by about 40%.  This can be
  especially useful when descriptors are backed up using QR codes.  His
  post goes into the details of the encoding and mentions that he plans
  to incorporate the compression into his encrypted descriptors backup
  library (see [Newsletter #358][news358 descencrypt]).

## Bitcoin Core PR Review Club

*In this monthly section, we summarize a recent [Bitcoin Core PR Review
Club][] meeting, highlighting some of the important questions and
answers.  Click on a question below to see a summary of the answer from
the meeting.*

[Improve TxOrphanage denial of service bounds][review club 31829] is a
PR by [glozow][gh glozow] that changes `TxOrphanage` eviction logic to

> guarantee each peer the resources for at least 1 maximum size-package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guarantee each peer the resources for at least 1 maximum-size package
```

worth of orphan resolution. These new guarantees significantly improve
1-parent-1-child opportunistic [package relay][topic package relay],
especially (but not only) under adversarial conditions.

The PR modifies existing global orphanage limits, and introduces new
per-peer ones. Together, they protect against both excessive memory

> usage as well as computational exhaustion. The PR also replaces the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage and computational exhaustion. The PR also replaces the
```

---
title: 'Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #362'
permalink: /en/newsletters/2025/07/11/
name: 2025-07-11-newsletter
slug: 2025-07-11-newsletter
type: newsletter
layout: newsletter
lang: en
---
This week's newsletter briefly describes a new library allowing output

> script descriptors to be compressed for use in QR codes.  Also include

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
script descriptors to be compressed for use in QR codes.  Also included
```

_New releases and release candidates for popular Bitcoin infrastructure
projects.  Please consider upgrading to new releases or helping to test
release candidates._

<!-- FIXME:harding to update Thursday -->

## Notable code and documentation changes

_Notable recent changes in [Bitcoin Core][bitcoin core repo], [Core
Lightning][core lightning repo], [Eclair][eclair repo], [LDK][ldk repo],
[LND][lnd repo], [libsecp256k1][libsecp256k1 repo], [Hardware Wallet
Interface (HWI)][hwi repo], [Rust Bitcoin][rust bitcoin repo], [BTCPay
Server][btcpay server repo], [BDK][bdk repo], [Bitcoin Improvement
Proposals (BIPs)][bips repo], [Lightning BOLTs][bolts repo],
[Lightning BLIPs][blips repo], [Bitcoin Inquisition][bitcoin inquisition
repo], and [BINANAs][binana repo]._

- [Core Lightning #8377][] tightens [BOLT11][] invoice parsing requirements by mandating that senders not pay an invoice if a [payment secret][topic payment secrets] is missing or if a mandatory field such as p (payment hash), h (description hash), or s (secret), has an incorrect length. These changes are made to align with the recent specification updates (see Newsletters [#350][news350 bolts] and [#358][news358 bolts]).

> - [BDK #1957][] introduces RPC batching for transaction history, Merkle proofs and block header requests to optimize full scan and sync performance with an Electrum backend. This PR also adds anchor caching to skip Simple Payment Verification (SPV) (see Newsletter [#312][news312 spv]) revalidation during a sync. Using sample data, the author observed performance improvements of 8.14 seconds to 2.59 seconds with RPC call batching on a full scan and of 1.37 seconds to 0.85 seconds with caching during a sync.

Reviewer: I think there should be a comma between "merkle proofs" and "and" (since this is a list of 3 items).
